Okay. Let's talk about this project now.
So what's really fascinating about
the world of machine learning and data science right now,
is that there's a lot of emphasis on building things for cargo or
opening up a statistics textbook and looking at linear regression or logistic regression.
But what there's a lot less of is,
are there people that know how to take that serialized model and deploy it to production?
So that's what this project is really about is,
can you as a DevOps professional,
work with the data science team and take their models and deploy it to production?
So we built out a Flask application.
That flask application is going to take payloads that are going
to be payloads that will be able to predict some given solution.
Once the prediction is in place,
it's then containerized using Docker and Kubernetes.
So it allows us to build
a completely scalable machine learning service that's available via Flask API.
So it's your job to go through and make sure that you put
the final touches on this machine learning application,
that you can also call yourself a
machine learning operations professional as well as a DevOps professionals.
So good luck, and I know you'll be successful.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6